README.md, before:

[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/alxshelepenok/gatsby-starter-lumen.svg)](https://github.com/alxshelepenok/gatsby-starter-lumen) [![Code Climate](https://img.shields.io/codeclimate/maintainability/alxshelepenok/gatsby-starter-lumen.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/alxshelepenok/gatsby-starter-lumen) [![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/alxshelepenok/gatsby-starter-lumen/master/LICENSE) [![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/twitter/url/https/github.com/alxshelepenok/gatsby-starter-lumen.svg?style=social)](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Wow:&url=https://github.com/alxshelepenok/gatsby-starter-lumen)

# Lumen

Lumen is a minimal, lightweight and mobile-first starter for creating blogs uses [Gatsby](https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby).

## Features
+ Lost Grid ([peterramsing/lost](https://github.com/peterramsing/lost)).
+ Beautiful typography inspired by [matejlatin/Gutenberg](https://github.com/matejlatin/Gutenberg).
+ [Mobile-First](https://medium.com/@mrmrs_/mobile-first-css-48bc4cc3f60f) approach in development.
+ Stylesheet built using SASS and [BEM](http://getbem.com/naming/)-Style naming.
+ Syntax highlighting in code blocks.
+ Sidebar menu built using a configuration block.
+ Archive organized by tags and categories.
+ Automatic RSS generation.
+ Automatic Sitemap generation.
+ Offline support.
+ Google Analytics support.
+ Disqus Comments support.

## Folder Structure

```
└── src
    ├── assets
    │   ├── fonts
    │   │   └── fontello-771c82e0
    │   │       ├── css
    │   │       └── font
    │   └── scss
    │       ├── base
    │       ├── mixins
    │       └── pages
    ├── components
    │   ├── CategoryTemplateDetails
    │   ├── Disqus
    │   ├── Links
    │   ├── Menu
    │   ├── PageTemplateDetails
    │   ├── Post
    │   ├── PostTemplateDetails
    │   ├── Sidebar
    │   └── TagTemplateDetails
    ├── layouts
    ├── pages
    │   ├── articles
    │   │   ├── 2016-01-09---Perfecting-the-Art-of-Perfection
    │   │   ├── 2016-01-12---The-Origins-of-Social-Stationery-Lettering
    │   │   ├── 2016-02-02---A-Brief-History-of-Typography
    │   │   ├── 2017-18-08---The-Birth-of-Movable-Type
    │   │   └── 2017-19-08---Humane-Typography-in-the-Digital-Age
    │   └── pages
    │       ├── 2015-05-01---about
    │       └── 2015-05-01---contact
    └── templates
```

## Getting Started
Install this starter (assuming Gatsby is installed) by running from your CLI:
`gatsby new lumen https://github.com/alxshelepenok/gatsby-starter-lumen`

#### Running in Development
`gatsby develop`

#### Building
`gatsby build`

## Screenshot

![](http://i.imgur.com/422y5GV.png)

## Ports
[Statinamic port](https://github.com/thangngoc89/statinamic-theme-lumen) by [Khoa Nguyen](https://github.com/thangngoc89)

## Contributors
[<img alt="alxshelepenok" src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/8599449?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/alxshelepenok) |[<img alt="abisz" src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/7287780?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/abisz) |[<img alt="ihororlovskyi" src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/7969737?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/ihororlovskyi) |[<img alt="marcelabomfim" src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/6224547?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/marcelabomfim) |[<img alt="vinnymac" src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/1832781?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/vinnymac) |[<img alt="axelclark" src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/16856928?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/axelclark) |
:---: |:---: |:---: |:---: |:---: |:---: |
[alxshelepenok](https://github.com/alxshelepenok) |[abisz](https://github.com/abisz) |[ihororlovskyi](https://github.com/ihororlovskyi) |[marcelabomfim](https://github.com/marcelabomfim) |[vinnymac](https://github.com/vinnymac) |[axelclark](https://github.com/axelclark) |

[<img alt="ybbarng" src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/1793950?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/ybbarng) |[<img alt="marktani" src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/1780597?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/marktani) |[<img alt="wichopy" src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/24414632?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/wichopy) |[<img alt="charandas" src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/542168?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/charandas) |[<img alt="zollillo" src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/8833904?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/zollillo) |[<img alt="codejet" src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/802203?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/codejet) |
:---: |:---: |:---: |:---: |:---: |:---: |
[ybbarng](https://github.com/ybbarng) |[marktani](https://github.com/marktani) |[wichopy](https://github.com/wichopy) |[charandas](https://github.com/charandas) |[zollillo](https://github.com/zollillo) |[codejet](https://github.com/codejet) |

[<img alt="reed-jones" src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/11511864?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/reed-jones) |[<img alt="swapnilmishra" src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/875450?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/swapnilmishra) |[<img alt="vvasiloud" src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/5891530?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/vvasiloud) |[<img alt="concreted" src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/4016897?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/concreted) |
:---: |:---: |:---: |:---: |
[reed-jones](https://github.com/reed-jones) |[swapnilmishra](https://github.com/swapnilmishra) |[vvasiloud](https://github.com/vvasiloud) |[concreted](https://github.com/concreted) |


## License
The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2016-2018 Alexander Shelepenok

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Added Netlify deploy -- currently tied to my fork

README.md, after:

[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/alxshelepenok/gatsby-starter-lumen.svg)](https://github.com/alxshelepenok/gatsby-starter-lumen) [![Code Climate](https://img.shields.io/codeclimate/maintainability/alxshelepenok/gatsby-starter-lumen.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/alxshelepenok/gatsby-starter-lumen) [![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/alxshelepenok/gatsby-starter-lumen/master/LICENSE) [![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/twitter/url/https/github.com/alxshelepenok/gatsby-starter-lumen.svg?style=social)](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Wow:&url=https://github.com/alxshelepenok/gatsby-starter-lumen)

# Lumen

Lumen is a minimal, lightweight and mobile-first starter for creating blogs uses [Gatsby](https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby).

## Features
+ Lost Grid ([peterramsing/lost](https://github.com/peterramsing/lost)).
+ Beautiful typography inspired by [matejlatin/Gutenberg](https://github.com/matejlatin/Gutenberg).
+ [Mobile-First](https://medium.com/@mrmrs_/mobile-first-css-48bc4cc3f60f) approach in development.
+ Stylesheet built using SASS and [BEM](http://getbem.com/naming/)-Style naming.
+ Syntax highlighting in code blocks.
+ Sidebar menu built using a configuration block.
+ Archive organized by tags and categories.
+ Automatic RSS generation.
+ Automatic Sitemap generation.
+ Offline support.
+ Google Analytics support.
+ Disqus Comments support.

## Folder Structure

```
└── src
    ├── assets
    │   ├── fonts
    │   │   └── fontello-771c82e0
    │   │       ├── css
    │   │       └── font
    │   └── scss
    │       ├── base
    │       ├── mixins
    │       └── pages
    ├── components
    │   ├── CategoryTemplateDetails
    │   ├── Disqus
    │   ├── Links
    │   ├── Menu
    │   ├── PageTemplateDetails
    │   ├── Post
    │   ├── PostTemplateDetails
    │   ├── Sidebar
    │   └── TagTemplateDetails
    ├── layouts
    ├── pages
    │   ├── articles
    │   │   ├── 2016-01-09---Perfecting-the-Art-of-Perfection
    │   │   ├── 2016-01-12---The-Origins-of-Social-Stationery-Lettering
    │   │   ├── 2016-02-02---A-Brief-History-of-Typography
    │   │   ├── 2017-18-08---The-Birth-of-Movable-Type
    │   │   └── 2017-19-08---Humane-Typography-in-the-Digital-Age
    │   └── pages
    │       ├── 2015-05-01---about
    │       └── 2015-05-01---contact
    └── templates
```

## Getting Started
Install this starter (assuming Gatsby is installed) by running from your CLI:
`gatsby new lumen https://github.com/alxshelepenok/gatsby-starter-lumen`

#### Running in Development
`gatsby develop`

#### Building
`gatsby build`

#### Deploy with Netlify

Netlify CMS can run in any frontend web environment, but the quickest way to try it out is by running it on a pre-configured starter site with Netlify. The example here is the Kaldi coffee company template (adapted from [Gatsby + Netlify CMS Starter](https://github.com/AustinGreen/gatsby-starter-netlify-cms)). Use the button below to build and deploy your own copy of the repository:

<a href="https://app.netlify.com/start/deploy?repository=https://github.com/mariolopjr/gatsby-starter-lumen"><img src="https://www.netlify.com/img/deploy/button.svg" alt="Deploy to Netlify"></a>

After clicking that button, you’ll authenticate with GitHub and choose a repository name. Netlify will then automatically create a repository in your GitHub account with a copy of the files from the template. Next, it will build and deploy the new site on Netlify, bringing you to the site dashboard when the build is complete. Next, you’ll need to set up Netlify’s Identity service to authorize users to log in to the CMS.

## Screenshot

![](http://i.imgur.com/422y5GV.png)

## Ports
[Statinamic port](https://github.com/thangngoc89/statinamic-theme-lumen) by [Khoa Nguyen](https://github.com/thangngoc89)

## Contributors
[<img alt="alxshelepenok" src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/8599449?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/alxshelepenok) |[<img alt="abisz" src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/7287780?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/abisz) |[<img alt="ihororlovskyi" src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/7969737?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/ihororlovskyi) |[<img alt="marcelabomfim" src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/6224547?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/marcelabomfim) |[<img alt="vinnymac" src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/1832781?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/vinnymac) |[<img alt="axelclark" src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/16856928?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/axelclark) |
:---: |:---: |:---: |:---: |:---: |:---: |
[alxshelepenok](https://github.com/alxshelepenok) |[abisz](https://github.com/abisz) |[ihororlovskyi](https://github.com/ihororlovskyi) |[marcelabomfim](https://github.com/marcelabomfim) |[vinnymac](https://github.com/vinnymac) |[axelclark](https://github.com/axelclark) |

[<img alt="ybbarng" src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/1793950?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/ybbarng) |[<img alt="marktani" src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/1780597?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/marktani) |[<img alt="wichopy" src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/24414632?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/wichopy) |[<img alt="charandas" src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/542168?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/charandas) |[<img alt="zollillo" src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/8833904?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/zollillo) |[<img alt="codejet" src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/802203?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/codejet) |
:---: |:---: |:---: |:---: |:---: |:---: |
[ybbarng](https://github.com/ybbarng) |[marktani](https://github.com/marktani) |[wichopy](https://github.com/wichopy) |[charandas](https://github.com/charandas) |[zollillo](https://github.com/zollillo) |[codejet](https://github.com/codejet) |

[<img alt="reed-jones" src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/11511864?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/reed-jones) |[<img alt="swapnilmishra" src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/875450?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/swapnilmishra) |[<img alt="vvasiloud" src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/5891530?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/vvasiloud) |[<img alt="concreted" src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/4016897?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/concreted) |
:---: |:---: |:---: |:---: |
[reed-jones](https://github.com/reed-jones) |[swapnilmishra](https://github.com/swapnilmishra) |[vvasiloud](https://github.com/vvasiloud) |[concreted](https://github.com/concreted) |


## License
The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2016-2018 Alexander Shelepenok

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
